Improvements documentation and code - azure architecture center (#29)
microsoft/connected-fleet-refarch: docs/GettingStarted.md

- Make sure you have [Azure CLI](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/install-azure-cli-linux?pivots=apt) installed. Run `az --version` to verify. If it's not installed, run the following command to install it:

```bash
curl -sL https://aka.ms/InstallAzureCLIDeb | sudo bash
```

- Install the [Azure Functions core tools](https://github.com/Azure/azure-functions-core-tools/blob/v4.x/README.md#linux) to work with Azure functions.
- Check out the GitHub repository in your environment

``` bash
git clone https://github.com/microsoft/connected-fleet-refarch.git
```

- If using WSL, Open Visual Studio Code from WSL on the code directory

``` bash
cd connected-fleet-refarch
code .
```

- If you want to modify the function code, install the following extensions in Visual Studio Code to make your life easier.
  - [Bicep](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-azuretools.vscode-bicep): Bicep language support for Visual Studio Code
  - [Azure Functions](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-azuretools.vscode-azurefunctions): quickly create, debug, manage, and deploy serverless apps directly from VS Code

> ### Deploying the telemetry platform layer

Reviewer: Can we have numbered steps to follow? It helps learners to keep track of where they are.

- Make the scripts executable:

```bash
chmod 700 generate-root-certificate.sh
chmod 700 generate-client-certificates.sh
chmod 700 ./cert-gen/certGen.sh
```

- Create a test root and intermediate certificate.

> [!Warning]
> Make sure to run this script **only once** to avoid discrepancies between the generated certificates and the configuration files.

```bash
./generate-root-certificate.sh
```

* Create certificates for the test clients

```bash
./generate-client-certificates.sh
```

#### Deploy the telemetry platform using biceps

- login to your Azure account and select your subscription.

``` bash
az login
```
- export variables with your preferred resource group names and location.

``` bash
export RG_TELEMETRYPLATFORM=telemetryplatform
export RG_FLEETINTEGRATION=fleetintegration
export LOCATION=eastus
```

- [Create a resource group](https://learn.microsoft.com/cli/azure/manage-azure-groups-azure-cli#create-a-resource-group) for the deployment in a region

``` bash
az group create --name ${RG_TELEMETRYPLATFORM} --location ${LOCATION}
```

- Execute the main.bicep targeting your telemetry platform resource group

``` bash

> az deployment group create --resource-group ${RG_TELEMETRYPLATFORM}--template-file ./main.bicep 

Reviewer: Optional: when doing Bicep deployments, I find it helpful to say approximately how long it will take to deploy. (When I'm following along I use this as a signal to go to get a coffee or get lunch!)

For me, it took about ~4 minutes for the TelemetryPlatform deployment and ~14 minutes for the FleetIntegration deployment.

```

### Deploy the fleet integration layer

In this step you will deploy the resources required for the fleet integration layer

#### Execute fleet integration biceps deployment scripts

- Change your directory to ```infra/deployment/FleetIntegration```

- [Create a resource group](https://learn.microsoft.com/cli/azure/manage-azure-groups-azure-cli#create-a-resource-group) for the deployment in a region

``` bash
az group create --name ${RG_FLEETINTEGRATION} --location ${LOCATION}
```

- Get the name of the event hub created in the telemetry platform.

``` bash
export tpeventhubname=$(az eventhubs namespace list --resource-group ${RG_TELEMETRYPLATFORM} --query "[].name" --output tsv)
```

- Execute the main.bicep refering to your resource group and using the event hub namespace from the telemetry platform as an argument.

``` bash
az deployment group create --resource-group ${RG_FLEETINTEGRATION} --template-file ./main.bicep --parameters evhnsTelemetryPlatformNamespaceName=${tpeventhubname}
```

You can try out sending messages and the integration with Azure Data Explorer.

#### Deploy the telemetry platform functions for connection to the dataverse

> [!NOTE]

> > This step requires a Dynamics 365 installation with Field Service. You can skip this step in case you don't have an installation available.

Reviewer: Thank you for splitting this out! It makes it a lot easier to follow along when you know it's an optional step that won't block the rest of the sample.

Follow the instructions in [Dataverse Integration](DataverseIntegration.md) to automatically create ```IoT Event``` entities.

## Try it out

### Send sample messages

The MQTT Test Client will send sample payloads using the generated certificates. The client will create 5 connections to the MQTT broker functionality
of Event Grid, and send a JSON payload every second per device.

The payloads can be found in the ./SamplePayloads directory. It consists of a JSON array that contains several values, harmonized using the
Vehicle Signal Specification (VSS) from COVESA.

Change your directory to ```./src/TestClient``` and build the client

```bash

> dotnet build

Reviewer: This build step emitted a bunch of warnings. I think they all look like easy fixes. Are you able to fix those up please?

```

To execute, set an environment variable with the MQTT host name and run using dotnet.

```bash

> export gw_url=$(az eventgrid namespace list --resource-group ${RG_TELEMETRYPLATFORM} --query [].topicSpacesConfiguration.hostname --output tsv)

Reviewer: I had an error running this in zsh on macOS unless I put the query into quotes:

```suggestion
export gw_url=$(az eventgrid namespace list --resource-group ${RG_TELEMETRYPLATFORM} --query '[].topicSpacesConfiguration.hostname' --output tsv)
```

dotnet run
```

If you prefer to use containers, you can build the Test Client in a container using:

```bash
docker build -t test-client-image -f Dockerfile ../..
```

> [!WARNING] 
> The image will include the client certificates. This is not intented for production use.

Then use the following command to run locally.

```bash
docker run -it -e gw_url=${gw_url} --rm test-client-image
```

> ### Monitor the behaviour of the azure functions

Reviewer: Or if you want to keep 'Azure' please make sure it's capitalised.

> You can connect to the azure functions streams from the Portal or using  the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can connect to the Azure Functions log stream from the portal or by using the following command:
```

Reviewer: Can we give any more information here about what they will see when they look at this? i.e. why would it be interesting/important to look at the log stream? Would you call their attention to anything in particular?
